add LOGZIO_TYPE env var to match docker-collector-logs (#5)
logzio/docker-collector-metrics: README.md

|---|---|
| **LOGZIO_TOKEN** | **Required**. Your Logz.io account token. Replace `<ACCOUNT-TOKEN>` with the [token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/general) of the account you want to ship to. |
| **LOGZIO_URL** | **Required**. Logz.io listener URL to ship the metrics to. This URL changes depending on the region your account is hosted in. For example, accounts in the US region ship to `listener.logz.io`, and accounts in the EU region ship to `listener-eu.logz.io`. <br /> For more information, see [Account region](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html) on the Logz.io Docs. |

> | **LOGZIO_TYPE** | Logz.io type. Metrics fetched by this docker will have this type. <br /> **Default**: docker-collector-metrics |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **LOGZIO_TYPE** | **Default**: `docker-collector-metrics` <br /> Logz.io type you'll use with this Docker. This is shown in your logs under the` type` field in Kibana. Logz.io applies parsing based on type. |
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks you @imnotashrimp
